hey guys what's up and wanted to come on
here it's a little video for you guys I
wanted to talk to you guys about this
hair that I purchased yesterday my local
beauty supply store I'm super excited
about this hair so let me get started I
heard that I purchased yesterday I'm a
local beauty supply store it's been
sensation on this the EZ 5 canoe via
this is honestly my second time
appreciating this hair and I really oh
my god I'm in love with this hair guys
um I did hot glue this hair onto a thumb
cap so I'm gonna show you guys the box
okay so this is the box this is the girl
on the box this is how the hair is
supposed to look like and as you guys
can see it looks like that it is a one
pack style umm box it does come way at
18 20 and 22 inch bundle it also comes
with a free lace closure and it is 350
to 400 degrees curling iron safe and I
take it in a natural wavy as you guys
can see here and I got it in a DX 27:30
the back of the box shows all the
different colors that you could get the
hair in and this is the one that I have
right here and the bottom pretty much
shows how you can start the lace closure
and more at the bottom pretty much
describes the hair so let me talk to you
guys about my personal experience with
this hair if I had to rate this hair
from a 1 to 10 I give it a 20 I love
this hair this hair is absolutely
amazing it's super super soft it's too
long it's gorgeous I love the color as
you guys know it's the 27 on the top and
it's 30 at the bottom it's a darker this
hair does go below my chest so it's
super long and I'm like 5 feet 5 inches
let's see what else the hair Harley
sheds and it hardly tangles that's what
I really love about the hair but what I
really really love the hair is that one
packet actually gives you a full head of
hair
what are you ladies talking about a lot
of you guys are saying that this hair
does not give you it's not for a full
head for a full head wave and it
honestly is one packet does the job guys
you do not need
packets unless you want really volume is
hair then by all means get two packets
but one packet is enough like I can't
even show you guys how much hair like I
love thick wigs and this right here is
pretty full to me it's not extremely
thick but it's pretty full and it's long
and it's beautiful um let's see what
else let me show you guys the lace
parting this is the lace parting at the
put some concealer on it to make it look
more natural and it's a 4 inch parting
this hair is honestly it feels like
human hair and I have yet to put any
heat on this hair so that's pretty much
it guys if you guys have any questions
about this hair please do not hesitate
to leave your questions down below I
will put in the description box below
information about this hair and that's
pretty much it if you guys like this
video please give it a thumbs up thank
you so my new subscribers for
subscribing to my youtube channel I
really appreciate you guys that's pretty
much it guys until next time take care
bye bye guys